PORT-14552 - Docs for Github ocean integration (#2494)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/build-your-software-catalog/sync-data-to-catalog/git/github-ocean/installation/_install_methods.mdx

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs"
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem"
import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import AdvancedConfig from '../../../../../generalTemplates/\_ocean_advanced_configuration_note.md'
import PortApiRegionTip from "/docs/generalTemplates/\_port_region_parameter_explanation_template.md"
import Prerequisites from "../../../templates/\_ocean_helm_prerequisites_block.mdx"
import CiInstallMethod from "./\_ci_install.mdx"
import DockerInstallMethod from "./_docker_install.mdx"
import ParametersTable from "./_parameters_table.jsx"
import Base64Tip from "./\_base_64_tip.mdx"
import { OceanSaasLiveEventsDescription, OceanSaasLiveEventsTriggersManual, liveEvents } from "/src/components/ocean-saas-specifics/live-events.jsx";

## Enabling live-events

> :::tip

Reviewer: add a title

The `liveEvents.baseUrl` parameter is used specifically to enable the real-time functionality of the integration.
For debugging, services like [Ngrok](https://ngrok.com/) can provide a temporary public URL. For production, a stable and publicly accessible host is required.

If it is not provided, the integration will continue to function correctly. In such a configuration, to retrieve the latest information from the target system, the [`scheduledResyncInterval`](https://ocean.getport.io/develop-an-integration/integration-configuration/#scheduledresyncinterval---run-scheduled-resync) parameter has to be set, or a manual resync will need to be triggered through Port's UI.
:::

<OceanSaasLiveEventsDescription id="GithubOcean" />
The `liveEvents.baseUrl` specifies the public-facing URL for your integration. This URL, which must be reachable from the internet, is used to receive real-time updates from Github. It can be a public IP address or a configured domain name (e.g., `https://mygithubintegration.com`).

<details>

>   <summary><b>Supported live event triggers</b></summary>

Reviewer: the "push" title is empty, maybe something wrong in the definitions?

Author: @hadar-co "push" events do not contain any child actions, it's just that - "push". I wonder if there is any way to Signify that.

Reviewer: ok, in that case its fine 👍🏽

    <OceanSaasLiveEventsTriggersManual id="GithubOcean" isOAuth={false} />
</details>

## Deploy the integration

Choose the installation method that best suits your needs:

<Tabs groupId="installation-methods" queryString="installation-methods">

<TabItem value="real-time-self-hosted" label="Kubernetes">

Using this installation option means that the integration will be able to update Port in real time using webhooks.

<h2>Prerequisites</h2>

<Prerequisites />

For details about the available parameters for the installation, see the table below.

<Tabs groupId="deploy" queryString="deploy">
<TabItem value="helm" label="Helm" default>
To install the integration using Helm:

Add Port's Helm chart repository:
```showLineNumbers
helm repo add --force-update port-labs https://port-labs.github.io/helm-charts
```

Install the Helm chart:

  1. Create a `values.yaml` file with the following content:

  {props.setupName == "app" ? (
  <CodeBlock language="yaml" showLineNumbers title="values.yaml">
{`
  port:
    clientId: "<PORT_CLIENT_ID>"
    clientSecret: "<PORT_CLIENT_SECRET>"
    baseUrl: "https://api.port.io"

  integration:
    identifier: "github-ocean"
    type: "github-ocean"

>     version: "1.0.6-beta"

Author: No, we're currently facing an issue where the "latest" tag is stuck to "0.3.0-dev". @nivm-port are you looking into this?

>     version: "1.0.6-beta"

Author: https://github.com/orgs/port-labs/packages/container/port-ocean-github-ocean/versions?filters%5Bversion_type%5D=tagged

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs"
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem"
import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import FindCredentials from "/docs/build-your-software-catalog/custom-integration/api/\_template_docs/\_find_credentials.mdx"
import AdvancedConfig from '../../../../../generalTemplates/\_ocean_advanced_configuration_note.md'
import PortApiRegionTip from "/docs/generalTemplates/\_port_region_parameter_explanation_template.md"
import Prerequisites from "../../../templates/\_ocean_helm_prerequisites_block.mdx"
import CiInstallMethod from "./\_ci_install.mdx"
import DockerInstallMethod from "./_docker_install.mdx"
import ParametersTable from "./_parameters_table.jsx"
import Base64Tip from "./\_base_64_tip.mdx"
import { OceanSaasLiveEventsDescription, OceanSaasLiveEventsTriggersManual, liveEvents } from "/src/components/ocean-saas-specifics/live-events.jsx";

## Deploy the integration

> ### Prerequisites
> 
> You will need your Port `CLIENT_ID` and `CLIENT_SECRET`.
> 
> <FindCredentials/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To deploy the integration, you will need your Port `CLIENT_ID` and `CLIENT_SECRET`.

<FindCredentials/>
```
